All right.
So that wraps up this section.
So let's do a quick review of everything that we've learned.
First up, we now know that our view components live inside separate files with a dot view extension.
Each dot view file stores one view component, and ideally each component represents one small reusable
chunk of the user interface.
Within a component file, we can write our template tags where we write our H HTML for that component
and we can also attach a view configuration object within the script tags.
That view configuration object is a plain JavaScript object with some predefined properties that we
can add to customize how that component works.
Once we've defined a component, we can use it in another component.
We can render it as many times as we want, and each component exists as its own independent piece of
the UI.
Right?
So what are some of the properties we can define on that view configuration object within a component
file?
Well, we have the name property which defines the components name and that's what we see in the view
devtools in the browser.
And of course we have a potential method we can define called data.
The data method returns a plain JavaScript object and the properties of that object are available to
be used within our HTML in those template tax.
One example that we saw in this section was interpolating or literally injecting or rendering the specific
values of the data object, which we can do using our curly brace syntax.
Right.
We also saw what happened when we did not have a property defined on the object, in which case we got
undefined and v rendered nothing.
And we also saw that we could access nested objects within our data return object as well.
In addition, we also saw some additional tailwinds.
Yes, that's classes for things like padding and margin and Flexbox, etc. and we also customized tailwind
using the tailwind config file to add custom colors to our app.
And we saw how Tailwind helped generate new utility classes for us automatically, which we could add
to our HTML elements.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this section.
In the very next section, we're going to start talking a lot about testing using the just framework.
So we're still kind of getting up and running here.
We're still finding our footing.
I know we're not talking a lot about just Vue, but we're still putting all the pieces in place together
for App.
And next up is testing, which is critical to making sure that your apps are running correctly and that
the new changes that we make don't break our existing code.
All right.
So lots of fun stuff to cover up ahead.
I will see you in the next lesson.